Add product marketing handbook page (#5306)
FlowFuse/website: nuxt/content/handbook/marketing/product-marketing.md

---
title: Product Marketing
description: |-
  How we market the FlowFuse platform through customer-centric use cases,
  developed into complete Showcases through cross-functional go-to-market
  plans shared by Sales, Marketing, Product, and Engineering.
---

# Product Marketing

This page defines what we market and how it goes to market. For how the
marketing team plans and executes content, see the
[Content Strategy](/handbook/marketing/content-strategy/).

## The Product Marketable Product

The FlowFuse platform is our strongest asset. It can entertain any scenario,
and whatever is built on it the customer can fully inspect, adapt, and own.
Power of that breadth needs concrete entry points to speak to an individual
customer, because value is recognized fastest through one's own problem,

> need, or desire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FlowFuse platform is our strongest asset. Customers can build almost anything on it, then fully inspect, adapt, and own what they build. That breadth needs concrete entry points. Customers recognize value fastest when they see their own problem being solved.
```

Use cases are those entry points. A use case is the customer-centric
abstraction of the platform: a real problem customers face and how it is

> resolved with FlowFuse. Use cases are what customers recognize themselves in,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A use case is the customer's view of the platform: a real problem they face, and how FlowFuse solves it. Use cases are what customers recognize themselves in,
```

and they are therefore what we lead with: our Product Marketable Product, or
PMP. Use cases make our [company messaging](/handbook/marketing/messaging/)
concrete: they express the product pillars as specific problems of our Ideal
Customer Profile.

A use case implementation is a starting point, not a boxed product. We show
how the problem can be solved on FlowFuse, and customers adjust and fully own
the implementation, tailored to their exact scenario. This is the strength of
the platform: what is built stays visible and understandable end to end in
low code, so it can be trusted, audited, and operated in production. Every

> use case story ends at the same place, the platform.

Reviewer: > Every use case story ends at the same place, the platform.

✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨

The platform and the use cases grow together. New feature functionality
broadens the platform and unlocks new use cases, while deepening what already
exists makes the current use cases better supported. For AI specifically, we
look for use cases that are enabled by AI, next to using AI to better support
the use cases that are not.

## Showcases

A Showcase makes a use case visible as it can be developed on our platform,
and includes everything around it, consisting of:

1. **Use case definition**: the customer problem and outcome, written
   customer-centric.
2. **Differentiation**: why FlowFuse over the alternatives, the "why us".

> 3. **Product application**: the use case implemented in FlowFuse, as a demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Product application**: how we or the customer take the use case to production as a demo
```

the holistic overview of the PMP. Tasks in it can be shared across Sales,
Product, and Engineering.

Work lands with marketing through the same mechanisms as all other marketing
work: the
[request forms](/handbook/marketing/content-strategy/#requesting-work-from-marketing)
and the content calendar documented in
[How we work](/handbook/marketing/how-we-work/).

We run one storyline at a time and repeat it consistently across weeks and
channels before moving to the next. A message must be repeated far more often
than feels natural before most of the audience has seen it.

All collateral ties back to its use case, so the use case page, blueprint,
certified nodes, comparison pages, and customer stories interlink into one
coherent web of resources.

## Tracking success

We track success on three levels, reviewed together in the weekly Product and
Marketing sync. As this practice matures, we can consider a review that also
includes Sales.

- **Lagging**: sales pipeline where a use case is the attributable entry
  point and marketing MQL generation, with customers won that tie back to a

>   specific story behind both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  point and marketing MQL generation, with customers we win that tie back to a specific story.
```
